John some quick thoughts on agenda items for the meeting with PG&E: 1. Status of the mini filter separator installations at PG&E  interconnect/delivery/receipt points?  Future thoughts/plans for additional  separator installations. 2. PG&E customer attitudes about potential PCB introduced into their  equipment.  Any new customers with positive hits of PCBs? 3. Internal sampling activities.  How far have PCB's spread into the PG&E  system.  (wipe tests results versus liquids collections). A map would be  nice   depicting this. 4. Transwestern continues to be pretty much dry on mainline and extremely dry  on the Topock lateral.  Maybe we should have a little presentation showing   liquids collected in the last year on the mainline and Topock lateral.  Our  commitment to keeping the PCBs as immobile as possible.  5. We might consider sharing what we've learned from our PCB modeling study  with Penn State and what our  future plans are.  Another Tranwestern effort  to  show our commitment. John, if we plan on opening up our separator, has a decision been  made to  decon it or just clean out the hydrocarbon buildup and replace the filters.   If we do decide to decon our separator and or theirs, we will need to line  out a contractor to be onsite when we blow down the systems.  Id like to  discuss possibly not using  Vector for this type of routene activity any  longer.  There is a company in Farmington, NM (Riley) that can probably do  the job.  As you know, this decon work is not rocket science and Vector is  $$$$$$$, although they do a good job.  Chew on these and if I think of any other additional topics, Ill send them  your way.....By the way, Earl Chanley is now in Roswell.  FYI in case you  plan on asking him to attend the meeting........ Larry, Glad you got this audit out of the way.  I will be needing your agenda items  for our meeting with PG&E so we can send them to Rod Boschee.  Think it over  carefully, and let's have all of the items we need to discuss ready to go  over with them.  Looking forward to seeing you.  Randy and I will fly out  early on July 24 and maybe we can have some time that afternoon and all day  July 26 to see some of the facilities we had discussed before.  John Larry, Got your message and am sorry that you can not attend.  We will work with Ted  on getting you a replacement.  Good luck with your meeting.   See you next time. Don Bruce Larry, This is a very important meeting with PG&E.  I will be discussing with them  the schedule to take the ultimate separators down this fall and do some  testing.  You should be at this meeting.  John On behalf of Randy Rice: John and Randy have rescheduled their Flagstaff trip to meet with PG&E, on  Wednesday, July 25th and Thursday, July 26th if needed.  They will be flying  on Thursday, July 26th.  Sarita and I will provide their travel itinerary  once arranged. He suggests the meetings be held at the Little America Hotel in Flagstaff,AZ,  (phone no. 520-779-2741.  Please inform what meeting arrangements need to be  made for the actual meeting room once your meeting times are arranged with  PG&E.  Also, Randy asks that you provide agenda items to be addressed during  the meeting(s). Thank you, Kim Ladish 713-345-5863