Dick, Here are the details about the GPG PRC meeting.  Please note that these  people have not been involved in the process for very long and thus, this may  not be the best example of how the process works.  Nonetheless, it should  give you a flavor of how it works.  When you get to the Enron Building,  please ask for me or my assistant, Twanda Sweet, and one of us will take you  to the conference room.  Thanks a lot!  Michelle Jennifer Milligan GPG says that it is fine to have the consultant at their meeting.  The GPG  Managers PRC meeting will be held in EB49C2 at 1:00  p.m.  Please let me know  if I should contact him with additional directions. (Is he flying in for this or located here?) Thanks, Jennifer Woul;d you kindly send the info to Michelle Cash and ask her whether she will  contact him or whether she wants us to do it? GPG says its OK and the location is EB49C2 at 1:00 p.m.  Who is contacting  him with this information? Thanks, Jennifer     	Enron North America Corp. 	 	 Jennifer, Dave has OK'd this. Dave, Michelle Cash (ENA Employment Attorney) has asked if the consultant described  below could sit in and observe during the GPG Managers PRC meeting.  Would  this be acceptable to you?   Thanks, Jennifer Michelle Cash has asked whether Dick Jeanrette might sit in on a PRC meeting  as an observer.  We proposed that he attend  the GPG Managers meeting on 20  July.  Jennifer, please square this with GPG and get back to Michelle?  Many  thanks.      David/Cindy,  I have arranged for Dick Jeanrette, who is an industrial psychologist  specializing in employment matters, to assist us in the performance  evaluation process.  Dick has worked for years with Exxon, which has a  process that sounds similar to ours, and has many ideas regarding the  process.  The Exxon process has been challenged in court, and Dick has  testified about its process; the cases have been in favor of the company.   Thus, I believe his experience and insight will help us in our performance  management process. I will be arranging a meeting with Dick in the next two weeks.  Besides the  persons identified in this email, who should attend?  You had mentioned Steve  Kean.  Should he be involved as well?  (FYI, he worked with Dick on Project  One). Let me know if you have any questions. Michelle David Oxley Michelle, I had a voicemail from Cindy and Steve Kean relating to the change of wording  on the Satisfactory and Needs Improvement descriptors for this mid-year  review. Concern surrounds the apparent toughening of Satisf in particular and  a belief that this makes distributing names into bottom 2 categories harder. I recall we changed wording due to some concerns you had expressed. Perhaps  you can restate them here for everyone. However, regardless of above I remain of opinion that descriptors and labels  are proving a distraction from what should be a more relative process.  Perhaps the main message here is to convey something that helps us put these  descriptors in the context of a guide only (starting point or indicative  illustration) rather than absolute scale.  Bottom-line it is rather difficult to see how we could change any of this for  the mid year. David